[bitnami/kubernetes-event-exporter] Introduce kubernetes-event-exporter (#3788)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/kubernetes-event-exporter/README.md

# kubernetes-event-exporter

[kubernetes-event-exporter](https://github.com/opsgenie/kubernetes-event-exporter) allows exporting the often missed Kubernetes events to various outputs so that they can be used for observability or alerting purposes.

## TL;DR

```console
$ helm repo add bitnami https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami
$ helm install my-release bitnami/kubernetes-event-exporter
```

## Introduction

> This chart bootstraps a [kubernetes-event-exporter](https://github.com/opsgenie/kubernetes-event-exporter) deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chart bootstraps a [Kubernetes Event Exporter](https://github.com/bitnami/bitnami-docker-kubernetes-event-exporter) deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.
```

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.12+
- Helm 2.11+ or Helm 3.0-beta3+

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm repo add bitnami https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami
$ helm install my-release bitnami/kubernetes-event-exporter
```

These commands deploy kubernetes-event-exporter on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [Parameters](##parameters) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list` or `helm ls --all-namespaces`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Parameters

> The following table lists the configurable parameters of the Ghost chart and their default values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the configurable parameters of the Kubernetes Event Exporter chart and their default values.
```

Small typo.

> | Parameter                               | Description                                                                                        | Default                                                    |

Reviewer: Could you please divide this table in several smaller ones? It would help readability. You can use one of our [other READMEs ](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/master/bitnami/opencart#parameters) as reference. 

Also, there are several missing parameters that are already included in `values.yaml` like `global.xxx` or `nameOverride`

Author: I updated the params table and divided them into smaller sections. Is it okay like this?

Reviewer: Looks great! It seems only the `image.pullSecrets` parameter is still missing on the README.

Author: I am currently in the mountains for a few days. I will fix it next monday 😃

Author: Done :)
